docs: document Companion 2.0 related changes (#2363)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/companion.md

}
```

## Migrating v1 to v2

### Prerequisite

> Since v2, you now need to be running `node.js > v10.0.0` to use Companion.

Reviewer: Should this be `>= v10.0.0`?

> Since v2, you now need to be running `node.js >= v10.0.0` to use Companion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since v2, you now need to be running `node.js >= v10.20.1` to use Companion.
```
